So welcome to another module in this course. In the last module, we added authentication, in this module
I will add authorization and that's a slightly different thing.
In the last lecture, we made sure that the users interacting with our webpage need to be authenticated which
means they need to have an account in order to be able to create posts, edit posts or delete posts and
see these options in the first place.
Now authorization goes one step further.
We don't want to allow every user to edit or delete every post.
Users should instead be connected to the posts they created in the database,
so we want to have a connection,
we want to store the ID of a user who created a post and then when a user tries to delete a post, we
want to check that the user who did this really is the user who created the post. So that is what we
will implement in this module, authorization which is all about connecting users and posts.